Add P-R lettered article stubs from glossary (#3867)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Pass/en.md

---
stub: true
tags:
  - passing
---

# Pass

> A **pass** desribes the completion of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps) with or without the use of mods. If a player reaches a break with more than 50% [health](/wiki/Beatmapping/Health) an indicator will display to show that the player has passed the previous section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **pass** desribes the completion of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmaps) with or without the use of mods, or the reaching of a break section with more than 50% [health](/wiki/Beatmapping/Health). In the case of reaching a break section, an indicator will display with sound to show that the player has passed the previous section.
```
